Name: Alexander Lewis
Date Created: 11/3/2024
---
Program Description:
The program simulates a bank by creating methods to describe account number, funds, and interest rate. The program also simulates withdraws and deposits and calculates interest based on the amount of days passed.
---
Logical Steps:
1. A bank account for Billy Bob is printed displaying name, account_number,
funds, and interest rate.
2. The user is asked to input withdraw amount.
3. Program checks if withdraw amount is less than account funds if not it fails.
4. If true, then the program subtracts withdraw amount from funds
and displays new account funds.
5. The user is asked to input deposit amount.
6. The program adds inputed amount to account funds then displays.
7. The user is asked to input new interest rate.
8. The interest rate is updated to user inputed new interest rate.
9. The user is asked for time in days to calculate interest rate for.
10. With inputed time in days, the program multiplies account funds by
interest rate divided by 100, then this by time in days divided by 365.
11. The calculated interest is printed.
12. Finally, the updated bank info is printed.
---
Variables:
1. check: Pattern which indicates a sentence
1. name: Account name
2. account_number: number identifying the bank account
3. amount: Funds in bank account
4. interest_rate: The interest rate for account
5. interest: Calculated interest for amount of days
6. days: Amount of days passes inputed by user
7. new_rate: The new interest rate inputed by the user
8. withdraw_funds: Inputed funds to be withdrawn
9. deposit_funds: The inputed funds to be deposited
10. rate_new: The inputed new interest rate
11. time: The inputed time in days to calculate interest for
12. account: The account of Billy Bob 
---
Functions:
1. Function Name: bank_test
Description: A test for the bank acct class. Creates account for Billy Bob and asks user
to input amount to withdraw to despoit and to change interest to for inputed number of days.
Parameters: none
Returns: none
---
Link to repository: https://github.com/DuckSilver/COP2373.git